README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://vibekanban.com">
    <picture>
      <source srcset="frontend/public/vibe-kanban-logo-dark.svg" media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)">
      <source srcset="frontend/public/vibe-kanban-logo.svg" media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)">
      <img src="frontend/public/vibe-kanban-logo.svg" alt="Vibe Kanban Logo">
    </picture>
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">Get 10X more out of Claude Code, Gemini CLI, Codex, Amp and other coding agents...</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/vibe-kanban"><img alt="npm" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/vibe-kanban?style=flat-square" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/BloopAI/vibe-kanban/blob/main/.github/workflows/publish.yml"><img alt="Build status" src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/BloopAI/vibe-kanban/.github%2Fworkflows%2Fpublish.yml" /></a>
  <a href="https://deepwiki.com/BloopAI/vibe-kanban"><img src="https://deepwiki.com/badge.svg" alt="Ask DeepWiki"></a>
</p>

![](frontend/public/vibe-kanban-screenshot-overview.png)

## Overview

AI coding agents are increasingly writing the world's code and human engineers now spend the majority of their time planning, reviewing, and orchestrating tasks. Vibe Kanban streamlines this process, enabling you to:

- Easily switch between different coding agents
- Orchestrate the execution of multiple coding agents in parallel or in sequence
- Quickly review work and start dev servers
- Track the status of tasks that your coding agents are working on
- Centralise configuration of coding agent MCP configs
- Open projects remotely via SSH when running Vibe Kanban on a remote server

You can watch a video overview [here](https://youtu.be/TFT3KnZOOAk).

## Installation

Make sure you have authenticated with your favourite coding agent. A full list of supported coding agents can be found in the [docs](https://vibekanban.com/docs). Then in your terminal run:

```bash
npx vibe-kanban
```

## Documentation

Please head to the [website](https://vibekanban.com/docs) for the latest documentation and user guides.

## Support

We use [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/BloopAI/vibe-kanban/discussions) for feature requests. Please open a discussion to create a feature request. For bugs please open an issue on this repo.

## Contributing

We would prefer that ideas and changes are first raised with the core team via [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/BloopAI/vibe-kanban/discussions) or Discord, where we can discuss implementation details and alignment with the existing roadmap. Please do not open PRs without first discussing your proposal with the team.

## Development

### Prerequisites

- [Rust](https://rustup.rs/) (latest stable)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (>=18)
- [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/) (>=8)

Additional development tools:
```bash
cargo install cargo-watch
cargo install sqlx-cli
```

Install dependencies:
```bash
pnpm i
```

### Running the dev server

```bash
pnpm run dev
```

This will start the backend. A blank DB will be copied from the `dev_assets_seed` folder.

### Building the frontend

To build just the frontend:

```bash
cd frontend
pnpm build
```

### Build from source

1. Run `build-npm-package.sh`
2. In the `npx-cli` folder run `npm pack`
3. You can run your build with `npx [GENERATED FILE].tgz`


### Environment Variables

The following environment variables can be configured at build time or runtime:

| Variable | Type | Default | Description |
|----------|------|---------|-------------|
| `GITHUB_CLIENT_ID` | Build-time | `Ov23li9bxz3kKfPOIsGm` | GitHub OAuth app client ID for authentication |
| `POSTHOG_API_KEY` | Build-time | Empty | PostHog analytics API key (disables analytics if empty) |
| `POSTHOG_API_ENDPOINT` | Build-time | Empty | PostHog analytics endpoint (disables analytics if empty) |
| `BACKEND_PORT` | Runtime | `0` (auto-assign) | Backend server port |
| `FRONTEND_PORT` | Runtime | `3000` | Frontend development server port |
| `HOST` | Runtime | `127.0.0.1` | Backend server host |
| `DISABLE_WORKTREE_ORPHAN_CLEANUP` | Runtime | Not set | Disable git worktree cleanup (for debugging) |

**Build-time variables** must be set when running `pnpm run build`. **Runtime variables** are read when the application starts.

#### Custom GitHub OAuth App (Optional)

By default, Vibe Kanban uses Bloop AI's GitHub OAuth app for authentication. To use your own GitHub app for self-hosting or custom branding:

1. Create a GitHub OAuth App at [GitHub Developer Settings](https://github.com/settings/developers)
2. Enable "Device Flow" in the app settings
3. Set scopes to include `user:email,repo`
4. Build with your client ID:
   ```bash
   GITHUB_CLIENT_ID=your_client_id_here pnpm run build
   ```

### Remote Deployment

When running Vibe Kanban on a remote server (e.g., via systemctl, Docker, or cloud hosting), you can configure your editor to open projects via SSH:

1. **Access via tunnel**: Use Cloudflare Tunnel, ngrok, or similar to expose the web UI
2. **Configure remote SSH** in Settings → Editor Integration:
   - Set **Remote SSH Host** to your server hostname or IP
   - Set **Remote SSH User** to your SSH username (optional)
3. **Prerequisites**:
   - SSH access from your local machine to the remote server
   - SSH keys configured (passwordless authentication)
   - VSCode Remote-SSH extension

When configured, the "Open in VSCode" buttons will generate URLs like `vscode://vscode-remote/ssh-remote+user@host/path` that open your local editor and connect to the remote server.

See the [documentation](https://vibekanban.com/docs/configuration-customisation/global-settings#remote-ssh-configuration) for detailed setup instructions.

Commit message:

Refactor project from Vibe Kanban to Anyon
- Updated project name and references from "vibe-kanban" to "anyon" across all files, including package.json, README, and various source files.
- Modified license information to reflect the new ownership by the ANYON Team.
- Adjusted build scripts and paths to accommodate the new project structure.
- Enhanced documentation to reflect the transition, including updates to installation guides and integration instructions.
- Ensured all instances of the previous name were replaced in code, comments, and documentation for consistency.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://vibekanban.com">
    <picture>
      <source srcset="frontend/public/vibe-kanban-logo-dark.svg" media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)">
      <source srcset="frontend/public/vibe-kanban-logo.svg" media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)">
      <img src="frontend/public/vibe-kanban-logo.svg" alt="ANYON Logo">
    </picture>
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">Get 10X more out of Claude Code, Gemini CLI, Codex, Amp and other coding agents...</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/anyon-slit"><img alt="npm" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/anyon-slit?style=flat-square" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/BloopAI/vibe-kanban/blob/main/.github/workflows/publish.yml"><img alt="Build status" src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/BloopAI/vibe-kanban/.github%2Fworkflows%2Fpublish.yml" /></a>
  <a href="https://deepwiki.com/BloopAI/vibe-kanban"><img src="https://deepwiki.com/badge.svg" alt="Ask DeepWiki"></a>
</p>

![](frontend/public/vibe-kanban-screenshot-overview.png)

## Overview

AI coding agents are increasingly writing the world's code and human engineers now spend the majority of their time planning, reviewing, and orchestrating tasks. ANYON streamlines this process, enabling you to:

- Easily switch between different coding agents
- Orchestrate the execution of multiple coding agents in parallel or in sequence
- Quickly review work and start dev servers
- Track the status of tasks that your coding agents are working on
- Centralise configuration of coding agent MCP configs
- Open projects remotely via SSH when running ANYON on a remote server

You can watch a video overview [here](https://youtu.be/TFT3KnZOOAk).

## Installation

Make sure you have authenticated with your favourite coding agent. A full list of supported coding agents can be found in the [docs](https://vibekanban.com/docs). Then in your terminal run:

```bash
npx anyon-slit
```

## Documentation

Please head to the [website](https://vibekanban.com/docs) for the latest documentation and user guides.

## Support

We use [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/ANYON-team/anyon/discussions) for feature requests. Please open a discussion to create a feature request. For bugs please open an issue on this repo.

## Contributing

We would prefer that ideas and changes are first raised with the core team via [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/ANYON-team/anyon/discussions) or Discord, where we can discuss implementation details and alignment with the existing roadmap. Please do not open PRs without first discussing your proposal with the team.

## Development

### Prerequisites

- [Rust](https://rustup.rs/) (latest stable)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (>=18)
- [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/) (>=8)

Additional development tools:
```bash
cargo install cargo-watch
cargo install sqlx-cli
```

Install dependencies:
```bash
pnpm i
```

### Running the dev server

```bash
pnpm run dev
```

This will start the backend. A blank DB will be copied from the `dev_assets_seed` folder.

### Building the frontend

To build just the frontend:

```bash
cd frontend
pnpm build
```

### Build from source

1. Run `build-npm-package.sh`
2. In the `npx-cli` folder run `npm pack`
3. You can run your build with `npx [GENERATED FILE].tgz`


### Environment Variables

The following environment variables can be configured at build time or runtime:

| Variable | Type | Default | Description |
|----------|------|---------|-------------|
| `GITHUB_CLIENT_ID` | Build-time | `Ov23li9bxz3kKfPOIsGm` | GitHub OAuth app client ID for authentication |
| `POSTHOG_API_KEY` | Build-time | Empty | PostHog analytics API key (disables analytics if empty) |
| `POSTHOG_API_ENDPOINT` | Build-time | Empty | PostHog analytics endpoint (disables analytics if empty) |
| `BACKEND_PORT` | Runtime | `0` (auto-assign) | Backend server port |
| `FRONTEND_PORT` | Runtime | `3000` | Frontend development server port |
| `HOST` | Runtime | `127.0.0.1` | Backend server host |
| `DISABLE_WORKTREE_ORPHAN_CLEANUP` | Runtime | Not set | Disable git worktree cleanup (for debugging) |

**Build-time variables** must be set when running `pnpm run build`. **Runtime variables** are read when the application starts.

#### Custom GitHub OAuth App (Optional)

By default, Anyon uses Bloop AI's GitHub OAuth app for authentication. To use your own GitHub app for self-hosting or custom branding:

1. Create a GitHub OAuth App at [GitHub Developer Settings](https://github.com/settings/developers)
2. Enable "Device Flow" in the app settings
3. Set scopes to include `user:email,repo`
4. Build with your client ID:
   ```bash
   GITHUB_CLIENT_ID=your_client_id_here pnpm run build
   ```

### Remote Deployment

When running Anyon on a remote server (e.g., via systemctl, Docker, or cloud hosting), you can configure your editor to open projects via SSH:

1. **Access via tunnel**: Use Cloudflare Tunnel, ngrok, or similar to expose the web UI
2. **Configure remote SSH** in Settings → Editor Integration:
   - Set **Remote SSH Host** to your server hostname or IP
   - Set **Remote SSH User** to your SSH username (optional)
3. **Prerequisites**:
   - SSH access from your local machine to the remote server
   - SSH keys configured (passwordless authentication)
   - VSCode Remote-SSH extension

When configured, the "Open in VSCode" buttons will generate URLs like `vscode://vscode-remote/ssh-remote+user@host/path` that open your local editor and connect to the remote server.

See the [documentation](https://vibekanban.com/docs/configuration-customisation/global-settings#remote-ssh-configuration) for detailed setup instructions.

---

## Attribution

**ANYON** is built upon [Vibe Kanban](https://github.com/BloopAI/vibe-kanban), an open-source project by [Bloop AI](https://bloop.ai/), licensed under the Apache License 2.0.

We thank the Vibe Kanban team for their excellent foundation. This project includes significant modifications:
- Cloud SaaS architecture with multi-tenancy support
- Custom AI agent development platform
- Enhanced collaboration and team features

Original project: https://github.com/BloopAI/vibe-kanban
License: Apache 2.0 (see [LICENSE](./LICENSE) and [NOTICE](../NOTICE) files)
