docs/getting-started.mdx, before:

---
title: "Install & Run Vibe Kanban"
description: "Complete installation guide for Vibe Kanban on macOS, Linux, and Windows"
sidebarTitle: "Installation"
---

## Supported Systems

We build and test Vibe Kanban on the following systems:

- macOS (Intel and Apple Silicon)
- Linux
- Windows

## Prerequisites

Before installing Vibe Kanban, ensure you have:

- **Node.js**: Latest LTS version recommended
- **Coding agent authentication**: Authenticate with your preferred coding agents outside of Vibe Kanban

## Safety Notice

<Warning>
Vibe Kanban runs AI agents with --dangerously-skip-permissions/--yolo flags by default so they can work autonomously without constant approval prompts. Each task runs in an isolated git worktree, preventing agents from interfering with each other.
Agents can still perform system-level actions, so review their work and keep backups.
</Warning>

## Installation & Setup

<Steps>
<Step title="Authenticate with a coding agent">
  Before launching Vibe Kanban, ensure you're authenticated with at least one [supported coding agent](/supported-coding-agents). Follow the installation and authentication instructions for your preferred agent.
</Step>

<Step title="Install and launch Vibe Kanban">
  Open a terminal and run:

  ```bash
  npx vibe-kanban
  ```

  <Check>
  The application will bind to a random free port, print the URL in the terminal, and automatically open in your default browser.
  </Check>
</Step>

<Step title="Complete initial setup">
  Complete the setup dialogs to configure your coding agent and editor preferences. GitHub authentication is optional and can be configured later.
</Step>

<Step title="Create your first project">
  You'll land on the Projects page, populated with your three most recently active git projects if automatically discovered. Click "Create project" to add more projects.
</Step>

<Step title="Add tasks">
  Start tracking your work by [creating tasks](/core-features/creating-tasks) within your project.
</Step>

<Step title="Optional: Configure GitHub integration">
  Connect to GitHub in [Settings](/configuration-customisation/global-settings) to enable branch management and pull request creation.
</Step>

<Step title="Optional: Set up MCP integration">
  Streamline task creation with coding agents by [setting up MCP integration](/integrations/vibe-kanban-mcp-server).
</Step>
</Steps>

<Tip>
To use a fixed port, specify the `PORT` environment variable: `PORT=8080 npx vibe-kanban`
</Tip>

Commit message:

Refactor project from Vibe Kanban to Anyon
- Updated project name and references from "vibe-kanban" to "anyon" across all files, including package.json, README, and various source files.
- Modified license information to reflect the new ownership by the ANYON Team.
- Adjusted build scripts and paths to accommodate the new project structure.
- Enhanced documentation to reflect the transition, including updates to installation guides and integration instructions.
- Ensured all instances of the previous name were replaced in code, comments, and documentation for consistency.

docs/getting-started.mdx, after:

---
title: "Install & Run Anyon"
description: "Complete installation guide for Anyon on macOS, Linux, and Windows"
sidebarTitle: "Installation"
---

## Supported Systems

We build and test Anyon on the following systems:

- macOS (Intel and Apple Silicon)
- Linux
- Windows

## Prerequisites

Before installing Anyon, ensure you have:

- **Node.js**: Latest LTS version recommended
- **Coding agent authentication**: Authenticate with your preferred coding agents outside of Anyon

## Safety Notice

<Warning>
Anyon runs AI agents with --dangerously-skip-permissions/--yolo flags by default so they can work autonomously without constant approval prompts. Each task runs in an isolated git worktree, preventing agents from interfering with each other.
Agents can still perform system-level actions, so review their work and keep backups.
</Warning>

## Installation & Setup

<Steps>
<Step title="Authenticate with a coding agent">
  Before launching Anyon, ensure you're authenticated with at least one [supported coding agent](/supported-coding-agents). Follow the installation and authentication instructions for your preferred agent.
</Step>

<Step title="Install and launch Anyon">
  Open a terminal and run:

  ```bash
  npx anyon-slit
  ```

  <Check>
  The application will bind to a random free port, print the URL in the terminal, and automatically open in your default browser.
  </Check>
</Step>

<Step title="Complete initial setup">
  Complete the setup dialogs to configure your coding agent and editor preferences. GitHub authentication is optional and can be configured later.
</Step>

<Step title="Create your first project">
  You'll land on the Projects page, populated with your three most recently active git projects if automatically discovered. Click "Create project" to add more projects.
</Step>

<Step title="Add tasks">
  Start tracking your work by [creating tasks](/core-features/creating-tasks) within your project.
</Step>

<Step title="Optional: Configure GitHub integration">
  Connect to GitHub in [Settings](/configuration-customisation/global-settings) to enable branch management and pull request creation.
</Step>

<Step title="Optional: Set up MCP integration">
  Streamline task creation with coding agents by [setting up MCP integration](/integrations/anyon-mcp-server).
</Step>
</Steps>

<Tip>
To use a fixed port, specify the `PORT` environment variable: `PORT=8080 npx vibe-kanban`
</Tip>
